strategies to help Listen, Will would be to first acknowledge that you
have a problem listening with to, um, take note of it while you're
listening to someone's talk or attempting to listen to one to someone.
Speak, Be mindful of how much you interrupt of how much you speak
or you attempt to speak. I always say that people there are two types
of people, people who listen to respond and people who listen to
understand. If you know that you're a person that listens to respond,
practice not responding practice, listening, engaging, active listening.
Which would be say, if you're speaking to me, maybe not, maybe
respond. Ask a question while they're speaking, and as time goes on,
you'll just develop those habits of not speaking while someone else
is. You know why you're supposed to be listening? Try to repeat things
in your mind that that person is saying, and those things are
definitely get you started on the right path of being a being a better
listener